>> Speaker 1: Can you lazy load a named
export or is it only the default?
>> Sean Larkin: So
it's always only the default for now.
So, the caveat to that,
that's actually a really great question.
So, it's always gonna
be the default export.
And because of that,
you do lose the ability to
tree shake that asynchronous bundle.
Now what you can do is,
like, let's say for
example, let me see what would I do here?
I think a great example is like,
you could use low dash or whatever or.
So, I'll add lodash-es.
I'll talk about tree shaking next,
lodash-es.
So, essentially when you are using
a utility library like lodash-es,
which is all pure ESM.
You would notice that if
you lazy loaded this,
that you're gonna get a lot more code
than what you actually expected.
Right now, we don't have the heuristics
for webpac to determine if like,
there's no way for us to say like,
what aren't you using.
We're thinking about proposing that, if
you use destructure syntax inside of this.
So let's say like, if a user did
something along the lines of this here.
Like, destructure and said footer,
like that's the named export.
Then maybe we could use this information
to consider, used versus unused.
So, the technique that you wanna
do when you're lazy loading, so
I just pulled in lodash.
And so like, let' say I wanna
access one function from lodash.
Now, in a static world, you would say
something like, you can do two things.
So one, you can take and
separate into a separate
file where you only grab the one piece and
then you lazy load that.
Or you can take and say conts,
getlodashunique=aimport of lodash-es.
But then we wanna actually
access that individual function.
So, I would have to look inside
the node_modules to see like,
what is the path to that direct file.
And this was a kind of a technique that
people would do when they're using,
let's see, here we go, lodash-es.
And then it is called unique, I believe.
So I would actually go directly to unique,
there's no source folder, right?
Yep, so.
>> Sean Larkin: Unique.
Then this way,
this would ensure that you're only
grabbing that individual granular module.
Even though it's hoisted up to
a bunch of other utilities.